The student group generating system should:
F1-generate "fair" groups of students
F2-support adding description and deadline for group project by instructor
F3-support adding number of eligible students by instructor
F4-support adding basic student info by instructor, like names and student numbers
F5-support adding group size by instructor
F6-support adding queries by instructor, to get additional info from students
	(schedules, preferences, experience)
F7-support adding class and private time schedules by students
F8-support adding responses, by students, to instructor queries for additional info
	(schedules, preferences, experience)
F9-support posting/displaying information to users
F10-support editing of all added information, by user
F11-support editing generated groups (reassign students) by instructor
F12-indicate if any groups were forced
F13-support different group-generating algorithms


1. The most important feature to implement would be feature 1, actually being able to 
make the groups is essential to the system architecture. Also, this is probably the most 
difficult feature to implement since we have little experience with such a varying generator.
This feature was chosen first due to the length of time estimated to implement it, and the 
huge risk to the system not having this essential functionality.
2. Features 2 through 8 are also important features to implement since without the ability to 
add project description, group parameters, etc. the system wouldn't be anything like what the 
customer wants. This would alleviate quite a bit of risk in our system, allowing the user to 
enter information. Furthermore, these features happen to be relatively easy to implement, and 
are pretty similar as a whole. 
3.  Next would most likely be feature 9, being able to show what information was entered to 
the users. Without this, the students would not be able to see any information the instructor 
added in the beginning. Once again, the ability to see if there are any mistakes in the entered 
information will help reduce the risk of our system not meeting our customer's requirements.
