By Wednesday, December 3rd:

Since the last implementation deadline, the Question and Response GUIs have been built and modified to accomodate newer strategies. Rather than let the professor type the parameter they will ask about, we'll be implementing a drop-down menu for them to choose from. For now, the only thing being added would be GPA or experience, but in a real-world situation, this could be expanded to any number of things. Likewise, the generated groups now output to the interface, rather than to the console. This allows for a more "Real world" display of how the system may function.

Following this, primarily what should be accomplished is that the "Decent Generation" strategy is complete. This would generate groups based on similar GPAs and experience. This functions as a proof-of-concept of the ability to generate organized groups, instead of just at random. In reality, if there was more time to implement the other features, schedules and preferences would also be taken into account. By demonstrating the GPA, it shows that there is a working system for other strategies as well as splitting the students into more fair groups.

In summary:

1. Create a user interface that allows Professor to enter specifics about course
2. Display generated groups to the user interface
3. Modify GUIs to allow Professor to ask/Student to answer.
4. Have groups generated based on experience/GPA
5. Add documentation (Comments, modify exisiting diagrams, etc...)
6. Any non-essential last touches (Make GUI intuitive, add explanations etc...)

These are the things to be done by Wednesday. More would be feasible if there was more time for the project, but instead it will exist as a proof-of-concept that demonstrates the ability to implement more features if necessary. If possible F7 would be implemented, which would allow for Students to upload schedules, and the groups would be generated off of that.


--------------------------------

/* Esteban comment:
- From firstImplementation and ImplementationPlan2 I read that only Features 1, 6 and 7
  are being implemented. Is that right? What happened with features 2, 3, 4 and 5?
  Where not they more important than features 6 and 7? 
*/
