Our software is the best design for your needs because it is extremely easy to use and can generates 
random or fair groups depending on the type of project given by the instructor.  The application
has an easy user interface which allows for instuctors of different courses to easily generate groups 
for any project that may come up during the term. The software allows the instructor to import their
classlist anyway they like along with different methods to generate the groups. We also offer a way in
which the instructor can add specific questions in which the student must enter their answers to in order
to generate fair groups amongst the class.

When you first run the software a general window is displayed where the instructor can add information
about the course including the course name, the size of groups they would like and a deadline to which 
they want all the student information submitted by. The software also includes a text area at the bottom
in which the instructor can add any addition information for the students to view when they log in to enter
information provided by instructor. The window also includes how the user would like to import the students 
by selecting from the drop down menu. They have the opition to either manually add each student or they can 
import the classlist from a file. The other dropdown menu is for the instuctor to choose which way they would 
like the groups to be generated. There are two different ways for the groups to be generated. By choosing Basic 
from the drop down menu the groups will be generated randomly from the classlist depending only on the size the 
instructor provides above. The other method feedback is where the instuctor can create fair groups for projects 
which required different skills from the students.  The instructor is able to add specific questions which they 
would like the students to answer before the deadline provided passes.  
When the feedback opition is selected and the sumbit button is clicked a second window will appear with an easy 
way to select questions for the students to answer.  When the instructor finds a question they would like answered 
they simply click on the add button and that question is added to the student form. The instuctor can add as many 
questions as they like and click on the done button when they have added everything they would like to have answered.

This software is user friendly and makes it a simple task for the instructors using it to quickly create groups
whether they are tech savvy or not. Since this is our first time working together we will give you the best price.
We look forward to doing business with you.
