Name: Construct Student-Group Parameters

Description: Instructor will enter the group’s sizes, questions for students and a deadline 
which all info must be added by. The instructor will also have the option to prohibit certain 
groups in working together.

Actors: Instructor

Basic/Alternate Flow:
1. System receives all relevant student information.			
2. Instructor assesses student information.
3. Instructor sets group size.
4. Instructor formulates evaluation criteria for students.
5. Instructor adds evaluation criteria for the students to fill out.	
	5.1 Instructor edits/adds evaluation criteria. Repeat from step 2.
6. Instructor allows/prohibits groups in working together.
7. Instructor adds deadline for students.
8. Instructor makes "public" for students.

Preconditions: The instructor and course must be registered and active for the term. The 
instructor must be able to access the class list and student information.  Number of 
students, their names, schedule and previous grades from the system relevant to the current course.

Postconditions: All relevant student information should be added to the system.  That is, 
all the required information from the precondition. The instructor should also have all 
evaluation criteria ready to be filled out and submitted as well as the deadline for 
said information.  



Name: Define Student-group Criteria

Description: Students will be able to enter/submit evaluation criteria the instructor has provided.

Actors: Students

Basic/Alternate Flow:
1. Student assesses requested evaluation criteria from instructor.
2. Student enters evaluation criteria to system.
3. Student saves and submits their responses to evaluation criteria.		
	3.1 Students needs to edit/update evaluation criteria, i.e. schedules, grades etc...
	3.2 Students who do not enter evaluation criteria before deadline will remain blank.


Preconditions: All evaluation criteria from the instructor should be completed prior to making 
the system public.  The system must be made viewable for the students to enter any requested 
evaluation criteria. The students must be registered for the term and class.

Postconditions: All evaluation criteria should be filled out/submitted by students. All edits 
should be finalized before the deadline and students disconnected. 


Name:  Generate/Finalize Student-Groups

Description: System will Generate and Finalize Student-Groups that are fair and follow 
instructor’s requirements. The instructor will be able to allow/disallow certain 
suggested groups based on criterion they felt were important. 

Actors: Instructor

Basic/Alternate Flow:
1. Instructor asks system to generate student-groups.
2. System generates groups based on given evaluation criteria.
3. System returns student-groups.
4. System indicates whether any groups were forced and why.
	4.1 Instructor edits/overrides groups
5. Instructor finalizes student groups.
6. Instructor makes student groups public.

Preconditions: All students have their evaluation criteria filled out and submitted. 
Also the deadline is passed.

Postconditions: Student-groups are formed and finalized based on evaluation criteria 
and instructors overrides. The instructor will publish the groups for the students to view.
